As mentioned earlier in the lesson,
a powerful benefit to using pipeline is
the ability to perform a grid search on your entire workflow.
Most machine learning algorithms have a set of parameters that need tuning.
Grid search is a tool that allows you to define
a grid of parameters or a set of values to check.
Your computer automates the process of trying out all possible combination of values.
Grid search scores each combination with cross-validation,
and uses the cross-validation score to
determine the parameters that produce the most optimal model.
Running grid search on your pipeline allows you to try many parameter values
thoroughly and conveniently for both your data transformations and estimators.
Again, although you can run grid search on just a single classifier,
running it on your whole pipeline helps you test
multiple parameter combinations across your entire workflow.
This accounts for interactions among parameters not just in your model,
but data preparation steps as well.
Let's see how this works.